Add dev doc about worker unallocated distribution (#5041)
project-koku/koku: docs/distributing_cost.md

```
unallocated_worker_cost = capacity - effective usage
```
The effective usage is the max(request, usage), since users can have a higer usage than their request.

One of the features of our cost models is to distribute the cost associated with the `Worker unallocated` project to the user projects with this algorithm:
```
distributed_cost = (user_project_usage / usage_of_all_user_projects) * worker_unallocated_cost
```

So, in this example lets say our worker unallocated cost equals 100 dollars. We have two user projects A & B. A has a usage of 25, and B has a usage of 75. Plugging into the algorithm above to distribute the worker unallocated cost we would do:

```
worker_unallocated_cost = 100
Project's A distributed_cost = (25 / sum(25 + 75)) * 100 = 25
Project's B distributed_cost = (75 / sum(25 + 75)) * 100 = 75
```

So, project A gets an additional 25 dollars, and Project B gets an additional 75 dollars added on due to distributing the Worker unallocated cost.

*The Negation*

> However, the `Worker unallocated` project that we created earlier in the process still has the original 100 dollars. So, for the `Worker unallocated` project we do:

Reviewer: Can we add a little more here, I'm assuming this is to stop duplicate costs. We should consider calling that out specifically and maybe explain the equations below a little more since they both look like negative numbers which is confusing.

Perhaps laying out a full example explaining/showing what costs are being negated and why.

Author: This whole doc is a full example explaining/showing what costs are being negated and why. 

I added 3 sections to make that clearer, and I linked back to the `How We Calculate` section here, and called out we were working with the same example for `How We Distribute`.  Hopefully those changes would help make it clearer.

# Distributing Cost

> Our cost model allows user to distribute the their costs bassed of the cpu or memory usage of their user projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our cost model allows user to distribute the their costs bassed of the CPU or memory usage of their user projects.
```

## Worker Unallocated Costs:

### How We Calculate

> During data processing we add in additional rows to represent the [worker unallocated](https://github.com/project-koku/koku/blob/main/koku/masu/database/trino_sql/reporting_ocpusagelineitem_daily_summary.sql#L503) cost. These rows are added under the project name `Worker unallocated` during the ocp daily summary table creation. Formula:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During data processing we add in additional rows to represent the [worker unallocated](https://github.com/project-koku/koku/blob/main/koku/masu/database/trino_sql/reporting_ocpusagelineitem_daily_summary.sql#L503) cost. These rows are added under the project name `Worker unallocated` during the OCP daily summary table creation. Formula:
```

Reviewer 2: It might be better to use a permalink here in case this file changes over time and line 503 is different.

```
unallocated_worker_cost = capacity - effective usage
```

> The effective usage is the max(request, usage), since users can have a higer usage than their request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The effective usage is the `max(request, usage)`, since users can have a higer usage than their request.
```

### How We Distribute

One of the features of our cost models is to distribute the cost associated with the `Worker unallocated` project to the user projects with this algorithm:
```
distributed_cost = (user_project_usage / usage_of_all_user_projects) * worker_unallocated_cost
```

> So, in this example lets say our worker unallocated cost equals 100 dollars. We have two user projects A & B. A has a usage of 25, and B has a usage of 75. Plugging into the algorithm above to distribute the worker unallocated cost we would do:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, there are worker unallocated cost of 100 dollars and two user projects, A and B. Project A has a usage of 25 and project B has a usage of 75. Using the algorithm above to distribute the worker unallocated cost:
```

```
worker_unallocated_cost = 100
Project's A distributed_cost = (25 / sum(25 + 75)) * 100 = 25
Project's B distributed_cost = (75 / sum(25 + 75)) * 100 = 75
```

> So, project A gets an additional 25 dollars, and Project B gets an additional 75 dollars added on due to distributing the Worker unallocated cost.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Project A gets an additional 25 dollars and Project B gets an additional 75 dollars due to distributing the worker unallocated cost.
```

**How we deduplicate**

> However, the `Worker unallocated` project that we created earlier in the *How We Calculate* section still holds the original cost, using the example above this would be our original 100 dollars. Therefore, in order to deduplicate costs for the `Worker unallocated` project we need to do:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Worker unallocated` project that we created earlier in the *How We Calculate* section still holds the original cost. Using the example above this would be our original 100 dollars. In order to deduplicate costs for the `Worker unallocated` project we need to subtract the unallocated costs:
```

```
distributed_cost = 0 - worker_uanllocated_cost
```

Working with our same example:

```

> Worker unallocated project's distributed_cost = 0 - 100

Reviewer 2: Is this subtracted from zero just to make it negative or does the zero represent something else?
